README.md, before:

# ArcGIS Map Component for PowerApps (PCF)

An easy-to-use custom PowerApps component that embeds interactive ArcGIS WebMaps into your applications using the PowerApps Component Framework.

## Support
If you'd like to support my work:

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/nickkb" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-orange.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>

## Quick Start

1. **Upload oauth-callback.html** as a webresource
   - Get the resource url and update in index.ts
  
2. **Build the Solution**  
   - use pac cli and npm to build the solution.

3. **Import to PowerApps**  
   - Log in to PowerApps and navigate to **Solutions**.
   - Click **Import**, select the downloaded `solution.zip`, and follow the prompts.

3. **Add the Control**  
   - Open your app in PowerApps.
   - Go to **Insert** > **Custom** > **ArcGIS Map Component**.
   - Place the control on your canvas and configure its properties.

## Description

This PCF control provides seamless integration of ArcGIS WebMaps into PowerApps. It simplifies map embedding by handling ArcGIS authentication, enabling dynamic map loading, and supporting customizable widgets—all within PowerApps.

## Features

- **Integrated ArcGIS Authentication:** Easily configure OAuth authentication using your ArcGIS client ID.
- **Dynamic WebMap Loading:** Display specific WebMaps by setting the WebMap ID.
- **Lookup and Zoom:** Automatically search for features and zoom to particular map areas.
- **Customizable Widgets:** Supports built-in controls like LayerList, Home, and Zoom.
- **Logo and Styling Options:** Add a custom logo and configure visual aspects.
- **Flexible Projection Settings:** Set your desired spatial reference (default is WKID 4326).

## Configuration

### Required Parameters
- **clientId:** Your ArcGIS application client ID.
- **webMapId:** The ID of the ArcGIS WebMap to display.

### Optional Parameters
- **portalUrl:** (Default: `https://www.arcgis.com`) URL for alternative ArcGIS portals.
- **lookupLayerTitle / lookupFieldName / lookupFieldValue:** Parameters to enable feature lookup.
- **logoUrl:** URL for a custom logo.
- **projectionType:** Spatial reference WKID (default: `4326`).

## Usage

1. Add the control to your PowerApps app.
2. Configure properties in the properties panel:
   ```plaintext
   portalUrl: "https://www.arcgis.com"
   clientId: "<Your ArcGIS Client ID>"
   webMapId: "<Your WebMap ID>"
   ```
3. Save, publish, and test your app.

## Troubleshooting

- **Authentication Issues:** If authentication fails, verify your clientId and ensure your ArcGIS account has the appropriate permissions. See our [FAQ](#) for common fixes.
- **Display Problems:** Ensure that the WebMap ID is correct. Check network console for errors regarding map loading.
- **Environment Issues:** Tested with AGOL, currently doesn't support Enterprise.

## Contributing

Contributions to enhance functionality or fix issues are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request with your suggestions.

---

Commit message:

Update README to clarify authentication method and usage warnings

README.md, after:

# ArcGIS Map Component for PowerApps (PCF)

An easy-to-use custom PowerApps component that embeds interactive ArcGIS WebMaps into your applications using the PowerApps Component Framework.
This currently relies on User Authentication via a callback webresource, in the future I would like to get this working using true oauth or API keys rather than relying on the user signing in as it is intrusive UX when used in the model drive apps.
**Use this in a dev environment only, use at your own risk**

## Support
If you'd like to support my work:

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/nickkb" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-orange.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height="41" width="174"></a>

## Quick Start

1. **Upload oauth-callback.html** as a webresource
   - Get the resource url and update in index.ts
  
2. **Build the Solution**  
   - use pac cli and npm to build the solution.

3. **Import to PowerApps**  
   - Log in to PowerApps and navigate to **Solutions**.
   - Click **Import**, select the downloaded `solution.zip`, and follow the prompts.

3. **Add the Control**  
   - Open your app in PowerApps.
   - Go to **Insert** > **Custom** > **ArcGIS Map Component**.
   - Place the control on your canvas and configure its properties.

## Description

This PCF control provides seamless integration of ArcGIS WebMaps into PowerApps. It simplifies map embedding by handling ArcGIS authentication, enabling dynamic map loading, and supporting customizable widgets—all within PowerApps.

## Features

- **Integrated ArcGIS Authentication:** Easily configure OAuth authentication using your ArcGIS client ID.
- **Dynamic WebMap Loading:** Display specific WebMaps by setting the WebMap ID.
- **Lookup and Zoom:** Automatically search for features and zoom to particular map areas.
- **Customizable Widgets:** Supports built-in controls like LayerList, Home, and Zoom.
- **Logo and Styling Options:** Add a custom logo and configure visual aspects.
- **Flexible Projection Settings:** Set your desired spatial reference (default is WKID 4326).

## Configuration

### Required Parameters
- **clientId:** Your ArcGIS application client ID.
- **webMapId:** The ID of the ArcGIS WebMap to display.

### Optional Parameters
- **portalUrl:** (Default: `https://www.arcgis.com`) URL for alternative ArcGIS portals.
- **lookupLayerTitle / lookupFieldName / lookupFieldValue:** Parameters to enable feature lookup.
- **logoUrl:** URL for a custom logo.
- **projectionType:** Spatial reference WKID (default: `4326`).

## Usage

1. Add the control to your PowerApps app.
2. Configure properties in the properties panel:
   ```plaintext
   portalUrl: "https://www.arcgis.com"
   clientId: "<Your ArcGIS Client ID>"
   webMapId: "<Your WebMap ID>"
   ```
3. Save, publish, and test your app.

## Troubleshooting

- **Authentication Issues:** If authentication fails, verify your clientId and ensure your ArcGIS account has the appropriate permissions. See our [FAQ](#) for common fixes.
- **Display Problems:** Ensure that the WebMap ID is correct. Check network console for errors regarding map loading.
- **Environment Issues:** Tested with AGOL, currently doesn't support Enterprise.

## Contributing

Contributions to enhance functionality or fix issues are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request with your suggestions.

---
